August 2023 release notes (#6016)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_help/release_notes.md

> <br>
> For more information on any of the updates listed in this section, reach out to your account manager or [open a support ticket][support]. You can also check out [our SDK Changelogs]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/sdk_changelogs/) to see more information on our monthly SDK releases, updates, and improvements.

## August 22, 2023 release

## Shopify catalogs 

> Shopify catalogs allow you to import your products from your Shopify store into a Braze catalog, making it easier and automated to bring in product data for deeper personalization of your messages. You can enrich your abandoned cart, order confirmation, and more with the most up-to-date product details and information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shopify catalogs allow you to import your products from your Shopify store into a Braze catalog, automating the process to bring in product data for deeper personalization of your messages. You can enrich your abandoned cart, order confirmation, and more with the most up-to-date product details and information.
```

Or something like that to avoid using "easy" terminology
